1. Why is the Chang Robert's Algorithm not an improvement over Lelann's algorithm when worst case message complexity is considered?
a. Because comparisons to remove tokens adds to the message complexity of the algorithm.
b. Because the algorithm terminates in the leader which then floods messages to inform of leader identity and adds to message complexity.
c. Because at most N different tokens are used, and each token is forwarded by at most N hops which results in a O(N^2) bound on the message complexity.
d. Because Chang Robert's Algorithm solves a different class of problem of election on arbitrary topologies.

2. A lower bound on the complexity of decentralized wave algorithms for rings is obtained as a corollary from:  
a. the fact that election algorithms can elect a leader without needing to reach a terminal configuration,
b. the fact that an election is possible in a centralized wave algorithm within multiple executions,
c. the Peterson/Dolev-Klawe-Rodeh Algorithm which optimizes elections in rings for bidirectional topologies,
d. the fact that within a single execution of a decentralized wave algorithm, an election can be held,

3. An inconsistent snapshot is the following:
a. A snapshot captures a message that was sent and received but not acknowledged,
b. A snapshot that ignores a message that is sent right before it is taken,
c. A message sent is captured on a snapshot that was never received by the intended receiving process,
d. A snapshot which does not capture the entire global state of a process

4. The following configurations could be regarded as a explicit termination:
a. all processes are aware of the leader after an election algorithm but there are still messages in transit,
b. leader is aware of the result of the election algorithm and all other processes are in the lost state,
c. only the leader is aware of the result of an election algorithm, but all others are still in a state that accepts messages,
d. all processes are unaware of the termination of the computation, but the computation has terminated.

answer key = c, d, c, b